+++
title = "Has It Been So Long"
description = "gotta go vent about a girl"
date = 2024-04-28
template = "page.html"
+++

I still drive the same car. Though, it sounds much worse now. Donald Trump is still dealing with the Stormy Daniels issue. Though, there has been another president since him. The glass ceiling for women still hasn't shattered for the presidency. Though, we have a female Vice President. I still live in the same house. Though, I own it now and don't have any roommates. I see your point about that, it's nicer without them. My parents still live in the same place too. Though, it’s now filled with Pehr's mom, Victor, Libby, and Libby’s dog, Bruno. Libby and Victor are still together! Though, they moved to Seattle since and Victor is about to finish his PhD. Erik still works for Butcher and the Boar. Though, he is now a chef and just put in his two week notice. His life is still dramatic. No counter to that. I'm still at Image Sensing and still hate my job. Though, we have moved cities since and I’ve realized it’s less important than whatever is going on in my personal life. Hank and Luke are still the best. Though, they have both gained 10 pounds since. I have my own dog too! A Goldendoodle, the only dog you said we'd be allowed to have. Just happened that way - a bittersweet coincidence. He makes me think of you outside of that. He's a lot like you. He loves so deeply, his excitement is through the roof, extremely gullible, and has no coordination. Though, he hasn't been able to fill the void. Nothing has. I still want to move to Ireland. Though, I've visited it since. The experience meant nothing without someone to share it with. As I'm sure living there wouldn’t either. I just got back from the midway Target - I got the tortellini you used to get, I get it often. Though, This trip actually took less than 30 minutes. Maggie is still off doing her own thing. Though, now she doesn't talk to anyone in the family. I'm still reading. Though, I have now added violin and pottery to my hobbies. I have skis too! Though, I haven't had as much fun skiing since Taylor's wedding. I still fiddle with old tech. Though, more cameras and phones than radios now. I still have a lot of insecurities. Though, I’m better at realizing them now and do my best not to take them out on other people, like you. Has it really been so long? Part of me wishes it was yesterday. I could move out there and continue that life. Part of me wishes it was 20 years ago where so much has happened that I can barely remember it.